There're many different kinds of colour in the world, such as white, blue, orange, red, and so on. But my favourite colour is green. I think green is the most beautiful colour. Do you know why? Because green is the colour of life. Do you think so? As you know, most alive plants are green, like grass and trees. Green is good for our eyes, too. When your eyes are very tired, you will watch the green trees or green grass, they can help you to relax your eyes. And I think green is the nature colour, I love nature things. Ohm, to tell you the truth, I don't know why I am like green, only like it. Maybe it's the colour of the life or…… Can you tell me what your favourite colour is?Of all the colors, I love blue best. Blue is the color of sky and sea. When the sky is blue, we will feel happy to have a nice day. Blue is also related to the sea. When we come to the seaside, the deep blue color will attract us much. I like swimming in the sea very much. It makes me feel free and happy. Blue can make us feel easy, cool us down when we are too anxious. It's a color of ration and calm.Of all the colors, I love white best. White is the color of snow and cloud. Snow in winter is clean,pure and holy. When it is melted, it moistens everything and the whole earth. White clouds are hanging on the blue sky. We can dream a lot on such a nice day. White is a color of purity and calmness. It can make a harmony picture with any other colors. This is white, a selfless color
Black is the color of coal,ebony,and of outer space.It is the darkest color,the result of the absence of or complete absorption of light.It is the opposite of white and often represents darkness in contrast with light.Black was one of the first colors used by artists in cave paintings.In the Roman Empire,it became the color of mourning,and over the centuries it was frequently associated with death,evil,witches and magic.In the 14th century,it began to be worn by royalty,the clergy,judges and government officials in much of Europe.It became the color worn by English romantic poets,businessmen and statesmen in the 19th century,and a high fashion color in the 20th century.In the Western World today,it is the color most commonly associated with mourning,the end,secrets,magic,power,violence,evil,and elegance.here're many different kinds of color in the world, such as white, blue, black and so on .My favourite color is green.As a middle school student ,we may face many difficulties.I always feel tired and plessure .Green make me feel relax.whenever I feel stress,I often go to the park to see the tress and enjoy myselve .So ,that is my reason to like  green.
People may easily ignore that we are living in a world full of different colors, such as red, blue, green, black, pink and so on. We can never tell how many kinds of them are there. But we all know that colors are very important in people's life.The sky is blue and white. The trees are green and yellow. We can even say that spring is freshing green, summer is hot blue, autumn is golden yellow and winter is cold white. If one day all the colors disappear, what will it be to live in this world. We feel bored. We can't even tell the differences between the sky and land, between trees and houses.
The world is colorful. And we can't live without colors. 
